>>> FEBRUARY 9th, IRAN
PRODUCES NEW INFORMATION
ABOUT ITS NUCLEAR PROGRAM.
IN OUR SIGNATURE SEGMENT, WE'L
TAKE YOU TO INDIA, HOT SPOT FO
TECH ENTREPRENEURS
WHY SOME AMERICANS ARE HEADE
THERE.
>> SURE, WE'D BE MAKING MUCH
HIGHER SALARY IN THE U.S. WE'D
STILL MAKE IT THERE.
THIS IS A ONCE IN A LIFETIME
OPPORTUNITY.
>> WHAT GROWING INCOME
INEQUALITY MEANS FOR BUSINESS.
NEXT ON PBS "NEWSHOUR WEEKEND.
>>> GOOD EVENING, THANKS FOR
JOINING US
AFTER TWO DAYS OF MEETINGS WIT
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERG
AGENCY OFFICIALS, IRAN TODAY
AGREED TO SEVEN NEW STEPS TO
SHED LIGHT ON ITS NUCLEA
PROGRAM, INCLUDING ASPECTS LON
THOUGHT TO BE MILITARY I
NATURE
THE NEXT ROUND OF NEGOTIATIONS
BETWEEN IRAN AND THE WORLD'S
LEADING POWERS WILL TAKE PLACE
IN VIENNA THE WEEKS AFTER NEXT
WE'LL HAVE MORE ON THIS RIGH
AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY
>>> TURNING TO AFGHANISTAN
THERE'S WORD TONIGHT THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION WILL ANNOUNCE A
NEW $300 MILLION AID PACKAGE T
THAT COUNTRY TOMORROW.
THE MONEY WILL GO TO FARMERS
PROMOTE INTERNATIONAL TRADE AN
IMPROVE OPPORTUNITIES FO
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS.
THE GAINS ONCE FOREIGN TROOP
LEAVE.
PEACE TALKS BETWEEN ASSAD REGIME
AND REBELS THAT SEEK T
OVERTHROW IT TOMORROW.
HUNDREDS HAD BEEN STRANDED WIT
LITTLE FOOD AND SCARES MEDICAL
SUPPLIES EVACUATED FROM TH
BESIEGED CITY OF HOMS.
FOR A SECOND STRAIGHT DAY AI
WORKERS CAME UNDER FIRE.
>>> MARRIED OWNERS OF
BANGLADESH FACTORY WHERE 112
FACTORY WORKERS DIED IN 2012
HAVE SURRENDERED TO AUTHORITIES.
THE TWO WHO WERE CHARGED WIT
HOMICIDE IN DECEMBER WERE DENIED
BAIL IN JAIL
IF CONVICTED THEY COULD BE
SENTENCED TO LIFE IN PRISON.
BANGLADESH IS THE SECOND LEADING
EXPORTER BEHIND CHINA.
>>> IN EUROPE TODAY SWISS VOTERS
NARROWLY APPROVED QUOTAS O
IMMIGRATION FROM EUROPEAN UNION.
2 MILLION OF THE 8 MILLION
RESIDENTS FOREIGN BORN, MANY O
THEM MUSLIMS
ONE CAMPAIGN IN SUPPORT OF THE
QUOTAS THAT PREDICTED A WOMA
UNDER A VEIL, WITH 1 MILLION
SOON
EDWARD SNOWDEN USED INEXPENSIV
PIECE OF SOFTWARE TO GAIN ACCESS
TO SECURITY DOCUMENTS HE LATER
LEAKED
THE DOWNLOADING OF THE DOCUMENTS
THEY SAY SHOULD HAVE BEE
DETECTED EASILY.
THIS ACCORDING TO A REPORT I
THE "NEW YORK TIMES.
DURING AN INTERVIEW, GREENWALD
WHO PUBLISHED HINTED OTHER
LEAKED TO HIM AS WELL.
I HAVE TO DOUBT THERE WILL B
OTHER SOURCES INSIDE THE
GOVERNMENT WHO SEE EXTREME
WRONGDOING AND ARE INSPIRED BY
EDWARD SNOWDEN
>>> A MAJOR MEAT RECALL IS UNDER
WAY, RECALLING 9 MILLION POUND
OF BEEF PARTS DISTRIBUTED IN
CALIFORNIA, TEXAS, ILLINOIS, AND
FLORIDA.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS SAY TH
DISEASED BEEF, INCLUDING LIVER
OX TAIL AND TRIPE WAS SHIPPED AT
THE FIRST OF THE YEAR WITHOU
BEING PROPERLY INSPECTED
OFFICIALS SAY THE MEAT SHOUL
NOT BE EATEN
>>> THERE MAY HAVE BEEN ANOTHE
MAJOR SECURITY BREACH.
BARCLAYS LAUNCHED AN
INVESTIGATION FOLLOWIN
NEWSPAPER REPORTS THAT PERSONA
INFORMATION OF 27,000 OF ITS
BRITISH CUSTOMERS WAS STOLEN
CONFIDENT INFORMATION ABOU
CUSTOMER'S EARNINGS, HEALTH AN
PASSPORTS.
SUNDAY MAIL WHICH BROKE TH
STORY SAID DATA WORTH MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS ON THE BLACK MARKET
>>> NOW, MORE ABOUT THOSE TALK
GOING ON THIS WEEKEND BETWEE
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERG
AGENCY AND IRAN, TALKS
ULTIMATELY DESIGNED TO MAKE IT
IMPOSSIBLE FOR THAT COUNTRY TO
PRODUCE A NUCLEAR WEAPON
JOINED NOW FROM WASHINGTON FRO
DAVID ALBRIGHT, ONE OF THE
LEADING EXPERTS ON IRAN'
PROGRAM AND PRESIDENT OF SCIENCE
AND INTERNATIONAL SECURITY
SO WITHOUT BEING TOO TECHNICAL
FOR A WIDER AUDIENCE, WHAT'S
NOTEWORTHY ABOUT THESE STEPS
IRAN AGREED TO TAKE.
>> THERE ARE SEVERAL STEPS THA
ARE QUITE INTERESTING.
ONE, THERE'S A COUPLE STEPS THAT
HAVE TO DO WITH THIS IRAQ HEAV
WATER REACTOR THAT'S BEEN IN THE
SPOTLIGHT.
IT APPEARS IAEA IS NOT GETTING
THE INFORMATION IT NEEDS FRO
IRAN YET
TWO OF THE STEPS ARE SO THEY CAN
GET THAT INFORMATION SO THEY CAN
THEN INSPECT THE REACTOR
EFFECTIVELY.
THERE'S INFORMATION, ONE OF TH
STEPS CENTERS ON WHAT WAS AN OLD
SECRET LASER ENRICHMENT FACILITY
IRAN SHUT DOWN PRIOR TO 2004
OPERATED OUTSIDE OF THE IAEA'S
INSPECTION SYSTEM AND
VIOLATION OF THEIR SAFEGUARD
OBLIGATIONS.
THE FACILITY IS NOT THOUGHT TO
BE INVOLVED IN LASER ENRICHMEN
BUT THEY LIKE TO GO THERE TO SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON.
STILL DOES LASER RESEARCH AN
DEVELOPMENT, SO IT'S GOING T
GET INFORMATION ABOUT TH
ACTIVITIES AND THEN VISIT TH
SITE FOR THE FIRST TIME SINC
PROBABLY THE MOST SIGNIFICAN
STEP IS TO TRY TO OPEN THE DOO
A LITTLE BIT ON GETTING IRAN'S
COOPERATION ON THE MILITAR
DIMENSIONS OR ALLEGED MILITARY
DIMENSIONS
IRAN HAS AGREED TO PROVIDE
INFORMATION THEY NEED TO TAL
ABOUT EXPLODING OR TRILLIO
BRIDGE WIRE EXPERIMENTS AN
DEVELOPMENTS
AGAIN, THAT'S A PART THAT IF
USED IN A CERTAIN WAY IS VER
IMPORTANT IN THE DEVELOPMENT O
A NUCLEAR WEAPON
THEY HAVE INFORMATION THAT
SUGGESTS THE MOST LIKELY PURPOSE
OF THESE EXPERIMENTS THAT WERE
DONE BY IRAN WERE RELATED TO A
NUCLEAR WEAPON
IRAN HAS DENIED THAT AND SAID,
NO, NO, IT'S NONNUCLEA
PURPOSES
THEY HAVE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
THAT HAS CAST DOUBT IN THEIR
MINDS ON IRAN'S STATEMENT SO
IT'S AN OUTSTANDING ISSUE THAT
NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED.
IF IRAN WANTS, IT COULD ACTUALLY
USE THIS OPPORTUNITY IN THE NEXT
COUPLE MONTHS TO CHANGE IT
STORY.
ONE POSSIBILITY COULD ACTUALLY
SAY, YEAH, YEAH, WAS RELATED T
NUCLEAR WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT AN
OPEN THE DOOR TO A MORE FRUITFUL
SET OF DISCUSSIONS ABOUT
MILITARY DIMENSIONS OF ITS
PROGRAM.
AT THE SAME TIME IT COULD DECIDE
TO CONTINUE WITH ITS PREVIOU
STORY, THAT IT HAD NOTHING TO DO
WITH NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND COULD
AGAIN LEAD TO NOTHING.
>> SO IT SEEMS THERE'S TWO
TRACKS HERE.
ONE IS TO TRY TO FIGURE OUT WHAT
IRAN USED TO DO IN TERMS O
TRYING TO DEVELOP A NUCLEA
WEAPON OR WEAPONIZE IT
THEN THERE'S ANOTHER TRACK ABOUT
WHAT THEY COULD DO IN TH
FUTURE
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
THEY ARE LINKED, THOUGH.
IT'S VERY HARD IF YOU'RE A
INSPECTOR OR ANALYST TO SAY WE
CAN GIVE YOU CONFIDENCE THERE'
NOT A NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRA
TODAY, IF YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT
THE PAST
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT WAS DONE
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY
ACCOMPLISHED
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE THEY DI
IT, WHO DID IT
THEREFORE THAT WHOLE
INFRASTRUCTURE CREATED COULD POP
BACK INTO EXISTENCE IN SECRE
AND MOVE FORWARD ON NUCLEA
WEAPONS.
SO THE HISTORY IS VERY
IMPORTANT.
I THINK THEY HAVE MADE IT CLEA
IN THIS CASE AND OTHERS THAT I
REALLY CAN'T GIVE IRAN A CLEAN
BILL OF HEALTH UNTIL I
UNDERSTANDS THE HISTORY.
>> IN THE WEEKS LEADING UP T
THESE TALKS, IT SEEMS POSITION
HAVE GOTTEN MORE HARDENED IN
TERMS OF THE U.S. WANTS TH
ENTIRE NUCLEAR PROGRAM
DISMANTLED AND IRANIANS WANT ALL
THE SANCTIONS GONE
>> THE U.S. IS WILLING TO GIVE
ON THE SIZE OF THE PROGRAM
IT'S WILLING TO ACCEPT THE SIZ
OF THE PROGRAM THAT ACCEPT
NUCLEAR REACTORS
THAT'S A MAJOR CONCESSION ON THE
PART OF THE UNITED STATES.
CERTAINLY THE IRANIANS WANT AL
SANCTIONS REMOVED.
BUT THE TROUBLE IS THAT'S NO
GOING TO HAPPEN UNLESS THEY MAKE
CONCESSIONS ON THE U.S. SIDE AND
HAVEN'T SHOWN WILLINGNESS TO D
THAT
THE CHANCE OF THESE NEGOTIATIONS
WORKING RIGHT NOW IS HIGH BU
IT'S SEEN AS AN ATTEMPT.
SIDES TO CHANGE.
>> DAVID ALBRIGHT JOINING US
FROM WASHINGTON.
THANKS SO MUCH
>> THANK YOU
>>> AND NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT, TONIGHT THE GROWTH OF
HIGH-TECH ENTREPRENEURSHIP I
INDIA.
INSTEAD OF FLEEING FOR SILICON
VALLEY OR NEW YORK, MANY INDIA
TECH ENGINEERS, INCLUDING THOS
EDUCATED AND WORKED IN THE U.S
ARE DECIDING TO BUILD BUSINESSES
IN INDIA
THEY ARE FOCUSING ON THE GROWING
INDIAN DOMESTIC MARKET BUT ALS
LOOKING TO COMPETE GLOBALLY.
SOME YOUNG AMERICANS ARE
FOLLOWING THEM THERE
I RECENTLY REPORTED FROM MUMBA
AND BANGALORE.
>> IN INDIA, KNOWN AS SILICO
VALLEY, WHERE LEADING COMPANIE
OUTSOURCE JOBS TO EDUCATED
INDIAN WORKERS, WHO EARN MUC
LESS THAN THEIR AMERICAN
COUNTER-PARTS.
THAT LESSON HASN'T BEEN LOST O
INDIAN HIGH-TECH ENTREPRENEURS
MANY OF WHOM HAVE FACED VISA
HURDLES IN THE U.S. DESPIT
ROLLING POWER OUTAGES, RAMPANT
CONGESTION AND DEVELOPING OF
COUNTRY, MANY INDIANS AR
RETURNING HOME AFTER BEING
EDUCATED IN THE UNITED STATES.
THEY ARE BENEFITING FROM A
CULTURE CHANGE AROUND STARTUPS
BUT THINK INDIA PRESENTS NEW
OPPORTUNITIES.
>> GOING AFTER UPSTARTS.
>> AN ENTREPRENEUR AND INVESTO
IN EARLY STARTUPS DEVOTED TO
HELPING SOFTWARE STARTUP
COMPANIES IN INDIA
>> THE CULTURE HERE IS
INHERENTLY RISK AVERSE
WHEN PEOPLE SAY GO GET A JOB A
A BIG COMPANY.
THAT'S WHAT WE PREPARED YOU FO
AND PUT ALL THIS LOVE, ATEXAS,
MONEY, SCHOOL INTO YOU
WHAT'S CHANGED IN INDIA SO
PEOPLE ARE NOW TURNING TOWARDS
STARTUPS AS OPPOSED TO BIG
ESTABLISHED COMPANY.
>> AT LEAST ONE COMPANY THAT HAS
A BILLION DOLLARS VALUATION.
THAT'S CHANGING PERCEPTION
YOU CAN GO FROM A ZERO TO HERO
IN A STARTUP
THERE'S EXAMPLES OF THAT
SINCE THERE'S EXAMPLES, THERE'
REALLY SMART PEOPLE WILLING TO
DO THAT.
>> WE MET ENTREPRENEURS WILLIN
TO TAKE THAT CHANGES
CO-FOUNDER AND CEO OF A TRAVEL
STARTUP USED TO BROWSE
ITINERARIES ALREADY TAKEN BY
PEOPLE, CUSTOMIZE THEM AND TAK
THEIR OWN TRIPS.
>> MOVING TO THE WORLD OF TRAVEL
PLANNING, A BILLION DOLLAR PLU
BUSINESS
>> 36-YEAR-OLD LEFT A JOB AT
GOOGLE IN NEW YORK TO LAUNCH THE
COMPANY.
>> WE LOVE HOW FAST IT MOVED
HONESTLY, THE TOUGHEST POSITIO
MY WIFE AND I HAVE EVER TAKEN,
ASIDE FROM MARRYING EACH OTHER
WAS LEAVING NEW YORK
>> WHY COME BACK TO THE INDIA.
>> TRAVEL PLANNING IS A HARD
COMPLEX PROBLEM.
I DIDN'T THINK IT WOULD BE
SOLVED IN THREE MONTH'S TIME
GIVEN THE APPROACH WE WERE
TAKEN, VERY HUMAN INTENSIVE AN
ENGINEERING INTENSIVE.
THE ONE GEOGRAPHY I COULD THIN
OF WHERE THOSE COME TOGETHER
INDIA.
>> THE $2.6 MILLION HE'S BEE
ABLE TO RAISE FROM INVESTORS HAS
GONE A LOT FURTHER IN INDIA.
INSTEAD OF A SMALL TIME IN THE
U.S., HAS HE A STAFF OF 17
INCLUDING 10 ENGINEERS
HE SAID THANKS IN PART HIS
SILICON VALLEY-LIKE PERKS HE
HASN'T LOST A SINGLE ENGINEER IN
THREE YEARS.
>> YOU WALK IN
THERE'S NO CUBICLES, FOOSBALL,
FREE FOOD.
FREE FOOD COSTS EXCEPTIONALL
LESS IN INDIA THAN ANYWHER
ELSE
>> WHEN IT DOS DEVELOPING
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, IT'S TRULY A
FLAT WORLD
LOCATION IS IRRELEVANT
>> WE'RE NOT FOCUSED ON INDIAN
MARKET ALONE
INDIAN MARKET IS ONLY A QUARTE
OF TRAFFIC OF OUR USERS.
THE MARKETS IN INDIA ALLOW YOU
TO TAKE ON GLOBAL MARKETS MORE
EFFECTIVELY.
>> BUT MARKETING HIS BUSINES
HERE, ESPECIALLY WHEN COMPETIN
WITH ORBITZ, PRICE LINE, EXPEDIA
JUST ISN'T AS EASY
>> IN REALITY TRAVEL I
EXCEPTIONALLY HARD
I WISH SOMEBODY WOULD HAVE TOL
ME WHEN WE STARTED BUT HERE WE
ARE.
>> AFTER FOUR YEARS IN INDIA, HE
AND HIS WIFE AND FIVE-YEAR-OLD
DAUGHTER ARE MOVING BACK TO TH
UNITED STATES.
HE THINKS MORE PEOPLE WILL
DISCOVER HIS BUSINESS ONCE HE'
ABLE TO BUILD PARTNERSHIPS WIT
OTHER TRAVEL SITES
>> I LOVE BEING IN INDIA, ONBU
I LOVE ABOUT THE IN THE U.S. A
WELL
AS THE BUSINESS ARISES, I SE
MYSELF GOING BACK AND FORTH.
I THINK YOU'LL SEE HIGH-TECH
COMPANIES OUT OF INDIA MUCH MORE
OFTEN THAN YOU'VE SEEN IN TH
PAST
>> OTHER ENTREPRENEURS LIKE THIS
MAN WHO DID GRADUATE WORK IN NEW
YORK SAID INDIA'S RAPIDL
GROWING MIDDLE CLASS IS TO
TEMPTING A TARGET TO RESIST.
BY SOME ESTIMATES, THEY WILL
QUADRUPLE OVER THE NEXT DECADE
OR SO.
PERHAPS AS MANY AS A BILLION
PEOPLE
>> IT'S A VERY EXCITING TIME T
BE IN A YOUNG BUSINESS IN INDIA.
>> CEO OF BANG BAZAAR.COM,
ONLINE MARKETPLACE CONCEIVED B
HIS BROTHER WHO WORKED FOR
AMAZON IN SEATTLE.
THE 6-YEAR-OLD COMPANY ALLOW
INDIANS TO COMPARE, OBTAIN
MORTGAGES, CAR LOANS, CREDIT
CARDS AND EVEN INSURANCE ONLINE.
>> WHEN THIS OPPORTUNITY CAM
UP, I HADN'T PLANNED IT OR TIMED
IT THAT WAY BUT IT WAS A GREAT
IDEA AND I DECIDED TO MAKE THE
JUMP
THAT'S HOW I ENDED BACK IN
INDIA.
>> THE COMPANY HAS GROWN TO 20
EMPLOYEES WITH OFFICES IN THRE
CITIES
HE SAYS BEING IN AN DEVELOPING
ECONOMY GIVES THE ABILITY TO
INNOVATE RAPIDLY
>> FOR EXAMPLE, IN SIX MONTH
WE'VE ACTUALLY LAUNCHED
PRODUCT WITH A LARGE BANK, OUT
IN THE MARKET.
NOW, COULD WE DO THIS IN
AMERICA?
I THINK IT'S ARGUABLE?
COULD I GO TO CITIBANK, HEY, I
HAVE A PLATFORM THAT WILL HELP
MOVE BUSINESS FASTER, MIGHT BE
MORE DIFFICULT
>> THE DECISION MEANS HE COULD
BE CLOSE TO FAMILY MEMBERS H
MIGHT OTHERWISE SEE ONCE A YEAR.
HE WANTS TO BE PART OF HIS
GENERATIONS GROWING AWARENES
AND EMBRACE OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP.
>> FEEL THAT, A, I CAN GET A JOB
WITH A BANK OR INSURANCE COMPANY
OR MICROSOFT OR GOOGLE IF
WANTED TO.
THE REIN I'M DOING THIS, I'V
DONE THAT.
I WANT SOMETHING MOR
CHALLENGING.
>> A SMALL COMMUNITY OF AMERICAN
ENTREPRENEURS HAVE PULLED UP
STAKES AND MOVED TO INDIA AS
WELL
YOU SAID GRADUATES FROM TH
UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA, ON
ATTENDED HARVARD LAW SCHOOL AN
THEY DROPPED OUT TO START ZOOM
ZIP STYLE CAR SERVICE IN INDIA
>> THE SIZE IS STAGGERING.
>> URBAN DENSITY IS THE BIGGES
PREDICTOR OF CAR SHARING
SUCCESS.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT LARGE
DENSE CITIES WHERE PEOPLE DON'
OWN CARS, THE FACT THAT CA
SHARING THAT NOT BEEN DONE I
INDIA ALREADY IS SHOCKING.
>> IT'S ESTIMATED THERE WILL B
68 CITIES IN INDIA WITH
MILLION PEOPLE OR MORE BY 2030
THAT'S COMPARED TO NINE TODAY IN
THE UNITED STATES.
SINCE LAUNCHING ALMOST A YEA
AGO ZOOM HAS SOLD OUT EVERY WEEK
AND THE COMPANY IS HOPING TO
EXPAND TO MUMBAI AND NEW DELHI
>> ASIDE FROM THE BUSINESS YOU
MADE PERSONAL SACRIFICES TO BE
HERE
YOU COULD BE MAKING MONE
POSSIBLY ON WALL STREET, IN TH
U.S. IS IT A RISK WORTH TAKING
>> THERE'S NO QUESTION THAT IT'S
WORTH TAKING
SURE, WOOELD WE'D BE MAKING MUCH
HIGHER SALARY IN THE U.S. BEIN
SEPARATED FROM OUR PARENTS
FOR ME, BEING SEPARATE FREDDIE
MY GIRLFRIEND FOR A YEAR AND A
HALF
THAT'S THE OPPORTUNITY COST.
IT'S WORTH IT.
THE SCALE OF THE OPPORTUNITY
THIS IS A ONCE IN A LIFETIME
OPPORTUNITY.
>> NO QUESTION
I THINK IT HELPS
WE ARE STILL YOUNG
WE'RE BOTH UNDER 30.
WE'RE NOT MARRIED.
WE WERE VERY FORTUNATE IN TH
FACT FOR US IT WAS THE PERFECT
TIME IN OUR LIFE
>> THEY ARE MITTED TO BEING IN
INDIA FOR AT LEAST THE NEX
COUPLE OF YEARS.
>> CRAZY HOW EFFICIENT IT IS
YOU COME BACK TO US IN FIV
YEARS, THERE'S A CHANCE AT LEAST
WE COULD BE A BILLION DOLLAR
COMPANY AND WE COULD BE HUGELY
DISRUPTING THE WAY THAT PEOPLE
IN INDIA CITIES GET AROUND
>> BESIDES THOSE CHALLENGES,
UNRELIABLE ELECTRICITY
CONGESTION AND CORRUPTION, THE
BIGGEST WORRIES ARE THE SAME
ONES STARTUPS FACE NO MATTER
WHERE THEY ARE BASED
>> MOST STARTUPS FAIL.
THE NUMBERS ARE STACKED AGAINS
YOU WHEN YOU DECIDE TO TAKE ON A
VENTURE LIKE THIS.
IS THERE ANYTHING DIFFEREN
ABOUT THE ENTREPRENEURSHIP
CLIMATE HERE
>> MUCH HIGHER
>> IN 2012 ONLY ONE INDIAN
COMPANY AMONG 500 FIRMS ACQUIRED
BY THE BIGGEST TECH COMPANIES IN
THE WORLD.
>> AS THIS WAVE OF
ENTREPRENEURSHIP IN INDI
INCREASES, WHAT DOES THE U.S
STAND TO LOSE?
>> YOU KNOW, THERE ARE IRRITANTS
LIKE THESE ISSUES BUT I THINK IN
SOME SENSE U.S. HAS POSITIONED
ITSELF AS A FOUNTAINHEAD P
>> MANY FROM SILICON VALLE
VENTURE CAPITAL FIRMS TO
INTERNATIONAL TECH GIANTS LIKE
MICROSOFT ARE BETTING ON INDIA
ENTREPRENEURS AND ON INDIA
ITSELF EMERGING AS A HUGE CENTER
FOR INNOVATION
>>> MEET AN ENTREPRENEUR I
INDIA USING CELL PHONES TO FIN
PEOPLE BETTER JOBS
HOW WELL DO YOU KNOW FAST FOUR
HISTORY?
VISIT US ONLINE.
>>> WHILE THE CONVERSATION ABOUT
INCOME INEQUALITY IN WASHINGTO
TAKES ON POLITICAL DIMENSION, TO
BUSINESSES IT'S ALL ABOUT TH
NUMBERS, HOW MUCH CONSUMERS DO
OR DON'T SPEND
THE LATEST SUGGEST THE MIDDL
CLASS ISN'T SPENDING AS MUCH A
IT USED TO, CERTAINLY NOT NEAR
AS MUCH AS THE RICH DO
HERE TO EXPLAIN WHAT THE INCOM
DIVIDE MEANS FOR BUSINESSES, I
YOUR STORY YOU LOOK AT
REFRIGERATORS TO HOTEL ROOMS
WHAT ARE BUSINESSES TELLING YOU?
>> BASICALLY THINGS ARE PRETTY
STAGNANT IN THE MIDDLE OF TH
ECONOMIC SPHERE, IF YOU WILL
BASICALLY UPPER END RESTAURANT
DOING WELL, MIDDLE TIER VERY
DIFFERENT STORY.
I LOOKED IN THE RESTAURANT
SPACE, OLIVE GARDEN AND RE
LOBSTER HAVING A HARD TIME
WHEREAS CAPITAL GRILL IS DOING
VERY WELL.
THEY ARE OWNED BY THE SAME
COMPANY, DARDEN.
IT'S VERY, VERY DIFFEREN
TRENDS
IT'S NOT AS IF PEOPLE DON'T LIKE
THE FOOD AT OLIVE GARDEN OR RE
LOBSTER, WE'RE SEEING THE SAME
THING IN HOTELS, CASINOS
STORES, LOMAN'S GOING OUT OF
BUSINESS, JCPENNEY HAVING A HARD
TIME
>> WHY ARE RICH SPENDING MOR
AND MILLING CLASS SPENDING LES
AND LESS
>> I THINK A COUPLE OF THINGS.
PRIMARILY PEOPLE OWN ASSETS LIKE
REAL ESTATE OR STOCKS ARE DOIN
VERY WELL.
STOCK MARKET UP, HOUSING MARKE
BIG REBOUND IN 2008.
IF YOU'RE JUSTING DEPENDING ON
SALARY, THOUGH, THERE'S REALLY
NO GROWTH IN INCOME, THAT'S
BIG FACTOR
COST OF EDUCATION GOING UP
WHAT ARE MIDDLE CLASS GOING BACK
ON, GOING TO RESTAURANTS
SHOPPING FOR CLOTHES, THAT KIN
OF THING
I THINK THAT'S REALLY DRIVIN
IT
>> WHAT'S THE LONG-TER
CONSEQUENCE OF THE PURCHASIN
POWER OF THE MIDDLE CLAS
ERODING?
>> THE PROBLEM IS THE ECONOM
CAN GROW BASED ON CONSUMPTIO
GROWTH AT THE VERY, VERY TOP
I'M PUTTING ASIDE QUESTIONS OF
FAIRNESS OR SOCIAL MOBILITY, THE
ECONOMY CAN GROW, BUT IT CAN'T
GROW THAT FAST
LETS SAY THE ECONOMY IS GROWIN
2%, WHICH ISN'T ENOUGH TO BRIN
DOWN UNEMPLOYMENT VERY
SUBSTANTIALLY.
IT CAN GROW AT THAT PACE
WE'D LIKE TO SEE GROWTH AT 3
3.5% LIKE WE SAW IN THE '90s
THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN WHE
THE BOTTOM P ARE LEFT BEHIND
>> THE BOTTOM 80% IS SPENDIN
THE SAME AS THE TOP 5% ARE
>> THE GROWTH.
BASICALLY WE FOUND WORKING WIT
ECONOMISTS AT WASHINGTON, ST
LOUIS, FEDERAL RESERVE OF ST
LOUIS, THAT BASICALLY IF YOU
LOOKED AT HOW MUCH O
CONSUMPTION GROWTH CAME FROM
DIFFERENT CATEGORIES, BASICALL
THE TOP 20% CONSUMPTIO
INCREASED ABOUT 17% WHEREA
CONSUMPTION HAS ONLY GROWN ABOUT
1% FROM THE BOTTOM 80.
THAT INCREASE IS REALLY DRIVEN
BY HOUSEHOLDS.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH
>> GREAT TO BE HERE.
>> THIS IS PBS "NEWSHOUR
WEEKEND" SUNDAY.
>>> FINALLY TODAY MARKS THE 50th
ANNIVERSARY OF THE BEATLES FIRST
APPEARANCE ON THE ED SULLIVA
SHOW, ONE OF THE MOST WATCHE
MOMENTS IN TELEVISION HISTORY.
WITH THEM PHOTOGRAPHER HARRY
BENSON
>> Reporter: THEY JUST HEARD
THEY WERE NUMBER ONE IN AMERIC
THE SAME AS ED SULLIVAN WANTED
THEM ON THEIR SHOW
WHILE BEATLES CELEBRATED WITH
PILLOW FIGHT, A YOUNG FLEE
STREET PHOTOGRAPHER WAS THERE TO
CAPTURE THE IMAGE.
WHEN THE FAB FOUR ARRIVED IN NEW
YORK HALF A CENTURY GO, HARR
BENSON WAS THERE AGAIN ON TH
SAME PLANE ON ASSIGNMENT T
RECORD THE MOMENT.
>> GOT OFF THE PLANE
I TAPPED RINGO AND SAID, RINGO
THEY AREN'T COMING AROUND.
HE WENT AND TOLD THEM TO COM
AROUND
>> AND YOU GOT THE PICTURE
>> I GOT THE PICTURE
>> NOT BAD
>> IF YOU LIKE IT.
>> CAPTURES A MOMENT
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
BEATLES.
>> THE BAND LIKED AND TRUSTE
HARRY BENSON
THEY INVITED HIM ONTO THE ED
SULLIVAN SHOW AND ON THE REST OF
THEIR U.S. INVASION.
A PHOTO SHOOT SETS UP WITH A
YOUNG UNTESTED BOXER KNOWN THE
AS CASHIOUS CLAY DIDN'T GO WELL.
>> WHAT WAS INTERESTING HE
WOULDN'T TALK TO ME AFTER THAT
MADE US LOOK CHILDISH AN
STUPID, ALL YOUR FAULT
>> NOW 50 YEARS ON, HE'S SHOWING
HIS PICTURES AT THE LONDON
GALLERY AND REMEMBERED THE
ASSIGNMENT THAT CHANGED HI
LIFE
>> MUSIC STORY OVERNIGHT BECAM
A NEWS STORY
>> THERE YOU WERE FRONT SEAT
>> YES, I WAS.
>>
>>> JOIN US ONLINE AND ON HAIR
ON THE "NEWSHOUR."
WE'LL BE BRINGING YOU THE LATEST
ON THE NEXT ROUND OF SYRIA
PEACE TALKS.
THAT'S IT FOR PBS "NEWSHOU
WEEKEND" I'M HAR HARRY
THANKS FOR WATCHING.